1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be
integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.

Ans:
	* = expression
	'hello' = value
	-87.8 = value
	- = expression
	/ = expression
	+ = expression
	6 = value

2. What is the difference between string and variable?

Ans: A variable is something where information is stored, and a string is a type of information that would be stored in a variable.

	Example: a = 'Kirti'
	a is the variable and 'Kirti' is the string.

3. Describe three different data types.

Ans: 	Data Types	Examples	Explanation
	-----------   ------------     ------------------
	Integers	5364		Whole numbers
	Floats		3.1415		Decimal Numbers
	Booleans	True, False	Truth values that represent Yes/No

4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?

Ans: An expression is a combination of operators and operands that is interpreted to produce some other value.
     In any programming language, an expression is evaluated as per the precedence of its operators.

5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an
expression and a statement?

Ans: In python or any programming language the terminology "expression" is a combination of values and functions that are combined and interpreted by the compiler to create a new value
But a "statement" is just a standalone unit of execution and doesn't return any value.

6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1

Ans: The variable bacon still contains the value 22.

7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
'spam' + 'spamspam'
'spam' * 3

Ans:    'spam' + 'spamspam' = 'spamspamspam'
	'spam' * 3 =  'spamspamspam'

Hence, both the terms gives the same value that is 'spamspamspam'.

8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?

Ans: Use of a digit to begin a variable name makes error checking during compilation or interpertation a lot more complicated.
     Allowing use of variable names that began like a number would probably cause huge problems for the language designers.

9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string
version of a value?

Ans: The int() , float() , and str( ) functions will evaluate to the integer, floating-point number, and string versions of the value passed to them.

10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
	
    'I have eaten'+ 99 + 'burritos'

Ans: 'I have eaten' and 'burritos' are both strings where as 99 is an integer value.

     Python can only concatenate str with str, not str with int.